c:\users\jefferson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\bin\Debug\estoque2017.exe.config
c:\users\jefferson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\bin\Debug\estoque2017.exe
c:\users\jefferson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\bin\Debug\estoque2017.pdb
c:\users\jefferson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jefferson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jefferson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jefferson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.exe
c:\users\jefferson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.pdb
c:\users\jefferson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.Form1.resources
c:\users\jefferson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.frmCliente.resources
C:\Users\Jefferson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\bin\Debug\br.com.estoque207.model.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\bin\Debug\br.com.estoque207.model.pdb
C:\Users\Jefferson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\bin\Debug\br.com.estoque2017.aplicacao.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\bin\Debug\br.com.estoque2017.aplicacao.pdb
C:\Users\Jefferson\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\bin\Debug\br.com.estoque2017.dao.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Jefferson\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\bin\Debug\br.com.estoque2017.dao.pdb
C:\Users\Jefferson\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\Jefferson\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\estoque2017\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\estoque2017.exe.config
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\estoque2017.exe
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\estoque2017.pdb
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\br.com.estoque2017.aplicacao.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\br.com.estoque207.model.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\br.com.estoque2017.dao.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\br.com.estoque2017.aplicacao.pdb
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\br.com.estoque207.model.pdb
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\br.com.estoque2017.dao.pdb
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.frmCliente.resources
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.Form1.resources
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.exe
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\obj\Debug\estoque2017.pdb
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Bcl.HashCode.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Channels.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Text.Json.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\br.com.estoque2017.aplicacao.dll.config
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\br.com.estoque2017.dao.dll.config
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Bcl.HashCode.xml
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Channels.xml
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.xml
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Text.Json.xml
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encodings.Web.xml
C:\Users\jeffersonpasserini\source\repos\Projeto-Curso-Csharp-WindowsForms\estoque2017\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
